Informed Consent Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICO


GeoSpecies Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GEOSPECIES


Time Event Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEO


Translational Medicine Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TMO


Regional Healthcare System Interoperability and Information Exchange Measurement Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HEIO


Infectious Disease Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDO


FlyBase Controlled Vocabulary
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FB-CV


Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF) Dysfunction Ontlogy
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIFDYS


Bilingual Ontology of Alzheimer's Disease and Related Diseases
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOAD


Tissue Microarray Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TMA


HIVOntologymain.owl
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HIVO004


Semanticscience Integrated Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SIO


Protein Modification Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PSIMOD


test
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/A-Z


Resource of Asian Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (RAPID) Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RPO


Biomedical Informatics Research Network Project Lexicon
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIRNLEX


Pathway Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PW


Ontology for Genetic Susceptibility Factor
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGSF


Open Biological and Biomedical Ontologies Relationship Types
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBOREL


PhenomeBLAST Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHENOMEBLAST


Ontology for Parasite LifeCycle
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPL


BioPortal Metadata Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BP-METADATA


EDDA Study Design Terminology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EDDA


test_onto
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TESTONTO


KB_Bio_101
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AURA


General Formal Ontology for Biology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFO-BIO


Family Health History Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FHHO


Ontology of Data Mining Investigations
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTODM-KDD


Ontology for General Medical Science
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGMS


Biomedical Resource Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BRO


Plant Trait Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PTO


Mouse Experimental Design Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEDO


Cognitive Atlas Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COGAT


Health Level Seven Reference Implementation Model, Version 3
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HL7


Cognitive Paradigm Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COGPO


Amphibian Gross Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AAO


Upper-Level Cancer Ontology 
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CANONT


Cell Culture Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CCONT


Ontological Knowledge Base Model for Cystic Fibrosis
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOKBCF


Epilepsy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EPILONT


Experimental Factor Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EFO


Traditional Medicine Other Factors Value Set
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TM-OTHER-FACTORS


Genomic Clinical Decision Support Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GENE-CDS


International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICF


Loggerhead Nesting Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LHN


Parasite Experiment Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PEO


Variation Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VARIO


Ontology of Glucose Metabolism Disorder
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGMD


Ontology of Clinical Research
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OCRE


Traditional Medicine Signs and Symptoms Value Set
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TM-SIGNS-AND-SYMPTS


Fire Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FIRE


Neglected Tropical Disease Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NTDO


Glycomics Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GLYCO


Randomized Controlled Trials Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RCTONT


Ontology of Physics for Biology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPB


Plant Anatomy
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PAE


HIV ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HIV


Spider Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SPD


Cancer Chemoprevention Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CANCO


Ontology of Medically Related Social Entities
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMRSE


Taxonomy for Rehabilitation of Knee Conditions
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TRAK


Ontology for Drug Discovery Investigations
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DDI


Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEDDRA


Situation-Based Access Control Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SITBAC


Physico-Chemical Process
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REX


NMR-Instrument Component of Metabolomics Investigations Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NMR


suicideo
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SuicidO


Menelas Project Top-Level Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TOP-MENELAS


Comparative Data Analysis Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CDAO


Biologie Hors Nomenclature
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BHN


Mosquito Gross Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TGMA


Interaction Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IXNO


National Drug Data File
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NDDF


Influenza Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FLU


Metagenome and Microbes Environmental Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEO


International Classification of Diseases, Version 9 - Clinical Modification
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD9CM


Cerrado concepts and plant community dynamics
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CCON


International Classification for Nursing Practice
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICNP


Protein Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PR


BioModels Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BIOMODELS


Bone Dysplasia Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BDO


G Protein-Coupled Receptor BioAssays Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BAO-GPCR


National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIHSS


Bioinformatics Web Service Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBIWS


Minimal Anatomical Terminology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MAT


Minimal Standard Terminology of Digestive Endoscopy, French
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MSTDE-FRE


Traditional Medicine Constitution Value Set
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TM-CONST


Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMR


Surgical Secondary Events
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SSE


Chemical Entities of Biological Interest Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHEBI


Fungal Gross Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FAO


Quantities, Units, Dimensions, and Types Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/QUDT


Ontology of Core Data Mining Entities
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTODM-CORE


RNRMU
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RNRMU


Biological Collections Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCO


Measurement Method Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MMO


Tick Gross Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TADS


DICOM Controlled Terminology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCM


Anatomic Pathology Lexicon
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATHLEX


Xenopus Anatomy and Development Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XAO


Eagle-I Research Resource Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ERO


C. elegans Phenotype Vocabulary
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WB-PHENOTYPE


EDAM bioinformatics operations, data types, formats, identifiers and topics
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EDAM


Computational Neuroscience Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CNO


Autism Spectrum Disorder Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ASDPTO


Microbial Typing Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TYPON


Chemical Information Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHEMINF


General Formal Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFO


Biological Imaging Methods Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FBbi


Rat Strain Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RS


Human Disease Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DOID


Clusters of Orthologous Groups (COG) Analysis Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CAO


Human Developmental Anatomy Ontology, timed version
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EHDA


Congenital Heart Defects Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHD


NGS ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NGSONTO


Minimal Information about any Sequence (MIxS) Controlled Vocabularies
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIXSCV


Ontology of Adverse Events
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OAE


International Classification of Primary Care - 2 PLUS
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICPC2P


Reference Sequence Annotation
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RSA


PharmGKB Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHARMGKB


Pharmacogenomic Relationships Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHARE


XEML Environment Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XEO


Robert Hoehndorf Version of MeSH
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RH-MESH


Tribolium Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TRON


Cereal Plant Gross Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GRO-CPGA


Human Genome Organization Gene Symbols
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HUGO


Amino Acid Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AMINO-ACID


Solanaceae Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SPTO


World Health Organization (WHO) Adverse Reaction Terminology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WHO-ART


Bleeding History Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BHO


Mammalian Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MP


BioPAX Ontology of Biological Pathways
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BP


Microbial Culture Collection Vocabulary
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MCCV


National Cancer Institute Thesaurus
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCIT


Artificial Intelligence Rheumatology Consultant System Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AI-RHEUM


Master Drug Data Base Clinical Drugs
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MDDB


Coding Symbols for a Thesaurus of Adverse Reaction Terms
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/COSTART


Skin Physiology Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SPO


Microarray and Gene Expression Data Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MO


Non-Randomized Controlled Trials Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NONRCTO


Medical image simulation
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OntoVIP


Alzheimer's disease ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADO


Regulation of Gene Expression Ontolology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REXO


Bone and Cartilage Tissue Engineering Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCTEO


Dengue Fever Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDODEN


Logical Observation Identifier Names and Codes
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LOINC


Ontology for Genetic Disease Investigations
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGDI


Diabetes phenotypes ontology (ALPHA VERSION)
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DPO


Pseudogene
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/pseudo


Mouse Pathology Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MPATH


Human Physiology Simulation Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HUPSON


Immunogenetics Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IMGT-ONTOLOGY


Immune Disorder Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IMMDIS


Ontology for MicroRNA Target Prediction
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMIT


Medical Subject Headings
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MESH


RNA Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RNAO


Vaccine Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VO


Semantic DICOM Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SEDI


Cell Line Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CLO


Cell Line Ontology [by Mahadevan]
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MCCL


Ontology of Geographical Region
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGR


Zebrafish Anatomy and Development Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZFA


Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HCPCS


International Classification of Diseases, Version 10 - Clinical Modification
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD10CM


Physico-Chemical Methods and Properties
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FIX


Drosophila Development Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FB-DV


Hymenoptera Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HAO


International Classification of Diseases, Version 10 - Procedure Coding System
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD10PCS


Plant Structure Development Stage
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PSDS


Lipid Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LIPRO


Clinical Measurement Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CMO


Ontology of Vaccine Adverse Events
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OVAE


Metagenome Sample Vocabulary
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MSV


International Classification of Diseases, Version 10
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD10


Environment Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ENVO


RxNORM
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RXNORM


Computer Retrieval of Information on Scientific Projects Thesaurus
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CRISP


BRENDA Tissue and Enzyme Source Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BTO


Gene Regulation Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GRO


Malaria Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDOMAL


Cell Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CL


Teleost Taxonomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TTO


CPTAC Proteomics Pipeline Infrastructure Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CPTAC


Human Interaction Network Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HINO


Taxonomic Rank Vocabulary
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TAXRANK


Vertebrate Homologous Organ Group Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VHOG


Computer Assisted Brain Injury Rehabilitation Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CABRO


Web-Service Interaction Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WSIO


Disease core ontology applied to Rare Diseases
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HRDO


Phenotypic Quality Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PATO


Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTCAE


Ascomycete Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/APO


National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Organismal Classification
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCBITAXON


Protein-Protein Interaction Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PPIO


Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF) Subcellular Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIFSUBCELL


Minimal Standard Terminology of Digestive Endoscopy
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MSTDE


Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine - Clinical Terms
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SNOMEDCT


Ontology of General Purpose Datatypes
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTODT


Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF) Standard Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIFSTD


Soy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SOY


Ontology of Language Disorder in Autism
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/LDA


Neural Motor Recovery Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEUMORE


Software Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SWO


Ontology of Biological and Clinical Statistics
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBCS


Mobile Genetic Element Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEGO


MicroRNA Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIRNAO


Fly Taxonomy
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FB-SP


Radiology Lexicon
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RADLEX


Image and Data Quality Assessment Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDQA


Galen Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GALEN


NHS Quality Indicators
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NHSQI2009


Ontology of Genes and Genomes
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGG


Biomedical Research Integrated Domain Group Model
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BRIDG


Body System Terms from ICD11
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICD11-BODYSYSTEM


VIVO Ontology for Researcher Discovery
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VIVO


Adverse Event Reporting Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AERO


Systems Biology Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SBO


Human Developmental Anatomy Ontology, abstract version 1
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EHDAA


Cell Cycle Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CCO


Gazetteer
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GAZ


Vertebrate Trait Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VT


Maize Gross Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ZEA


Ontology for Genetic Interval
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OGI


Crop Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CO


International Classification of  External Causes of Injuries
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICECI


Ontology of Pneumology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOPNEUMO


Provenance Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PROVO


Read Codes, Clinical Terms Version 3 (CTV3) 
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RCD


Units of Measurement Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UO


Breast Cancer Grading Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BCGO


Neomark Oral Cancer Ontology, version 3
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEOMARK3


Brucellosis Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IDOBRU


Breast Tissue Cell Lines Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MCBCC


Role Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ROLEO


Magnetic Resonance Dataset Acquisition Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONL-MR-DA


Dermatology Lexicon
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DERMLEX


InterNano Nanomanufacturing Taxonomy
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/InterNano


Semantic Types Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/STY


BioTop Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BT


Ontology of Alternative Medicine, French
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONTOMA


Mouse Gross Anatomy and Development Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EMAP


Cigarette Smoke Exposure Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CSEO


Mass Spectrometry Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MS


Drug Interaction Knowledge Base Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DIKB


Fission Yeast Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FYPO


Cellular microscopy phenotype ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CMPO


Student Health Record Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SHR


Ontology for Newborn Screening Follow-up and Translational Research
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONSTR


Mental Functioning Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MF


Genomic Feature and Variation Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GFVO


Experimental Conditions Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/XCO


Vertebrate Taxonomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VTO


C. elegans Gross Anatomy Vocabulary
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WB-BT


Portfolio Management Application
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PMA


Synthetic Biology Open Language Visual Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SBOL


Subcellular Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SAO


Neural ElectroMagnetic Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEMO


Pathogen Transmission Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PTRANS


Common Anatomy Reference Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CARO


Units Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UNITSONT


Neomark Oral Cancer Ontology, version 4
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NEOMARK4


Neural-Immune Gene Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIGO


Santa Barbara Coastal Observation Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBOE-SBC


Reproductive Trait and Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/REPO


Flora Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FLOPO


Botryllus schlosseri anatomy and development ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BSAO


Vital Sign Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VSO


Habronattus Courtship Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HC


Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OMIM


Veterans Health Administration National Drug File
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VANDF


Interaction Network Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/INO


Mathematical Modelling Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MAMO


Clinical Signs and Symptoms Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CSSO


Cardiac Electrophysiology Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EP


Syndromic Surveillance Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SSO


Amphibian Taxonomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ATO


Uber Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/UBERON


Emotion Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MFOEM


Cancer Research and Management ACGT Master Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ACGT-MO


Terminological and Ontological Knowledge Resources Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TOK


Minimal Information about any Sequence Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIXS


Medaka Fish Anatomy and Development Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MFO


Eligibility Feature Hierarchy
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ELIG


Statistics Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/STATO


Chemical Methods Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHMO


Evidence Codes Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECO


Pathogenic Disease Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PDO


Diagnosis Ontology of Clinical Care Classification
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DOCCC


Current Procedural Terminology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CPT


Dataset processing
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONL-DP


Sage Bionetworks Synapse Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SYN


Sample Processing and Separation Techniques Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SEP


Human Developmental Anatomy Ontology, abstract version 2
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/EHDAA2


Anatomical Entity Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/AEO


Enzyme Reaction Ontology for annotating Partial Information of chemical transformation
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PIERO


Orphanet Rare Disease Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ORDO


Regulation of Transcription Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RETO


Information Artifact Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IAO


Animal Natural History and Life History Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ADW


Ontology of Physical Exercises
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OPE


Kinetic Simulation Algorithm Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/KISAO


NanoParticle Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NPO


Pharmacovigilance Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PVONTO


Human Phenotype Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HP


Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTX


Name Reaction Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RXNO


Spatial Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BSPO


Allen Brain Atlas (ABA) Adult Mouse Brain Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ABA-AMB


Mosquito Insecticide Resistance Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MIRO


Bionutrition Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BNO


Cereal Plant Development Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GRO-CPD


Traditional Medicine Meridian Value Sets
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TM-MER


Wheat Trait Ontology 
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CO-WHEAT


Nursing Interventions Classification
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIC


Diagnostic Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DIAGONT


Semantic Web for Earth and Environment Technology Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SWEET


Single-Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNP) Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SNPO


Epoch Clinical Trial Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CTONT


African Traditional Medicine Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ATMO


Porifera Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PORO


Foundational Model of Anatomy
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FMA


Symptom Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SYMP


Cell Behavior Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CBO


NeuroMorpho.Org species ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NMOSP


Terminology for the Description of Dynamics
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TEDDY


Current Procedural Terminalogy Hierarchy
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CPTH


Content Archive Resource Exchange Lexicon
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CARELEX


Host Pathogen Interactions Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HPIO


BioAssay Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BAO


Mouse Adult Gross Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MA


Research Network and Patient Registry Inventory Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/RNPRIO


Computer-Based Patient Record Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CPRO


International Classification for Patient Safety
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICPS


suicideonto
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/suicideo


Neuroscience Information Framework (NIF) Cell Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NIFCELL


Systems Chemical Biology and Chemogenomics Ontology 
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/CHEMBIO


Teleost Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/TAO


Vertebrate Skeletal Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/VSAO


Beta Cell Genomics Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBI_BCGO


C. elegans Development Vocabulary
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/WB-LS


Dispedia Core Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DCO


Proteomics Data and Process Provenance Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PROPREO


Population and Community Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PCO


Suggested Ontology for Pharmacogenomics
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SOPHARM


MedlinePlus Health Topics
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MEDLINEPLUS


Ontology of Homology and Related Concepts in Biology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/HOM


National Drug File - Reference Terminology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NDFRT


Ontology of Experimental Variables and Values
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OOEVV


Nursing Care Coordination Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NCCO


Phylogenetic Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHYLONT


Gene Ontology Extension
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GO-EXT


Quantitative Imaging Biomarker Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/QIBO


Sequence Types and Features Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SO


Ontology for Biomedical Investigations
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/OBI


Genome Component Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GCO


Physician Data Query
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PDQ


Drosophila Gross Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/FB-BT


Fanconi Anemia Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/IFAR


Gene Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/GO


Basic Formal Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BFO


Major Histocompatibility Complex Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/MHC


The Drug Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DRON


Mental State Assessment
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ONL-MSA


Biodiversity Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/BOF


Sleep Domain Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SDO


Natural Products Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NATPRO


International Classification of Primary Care
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ICPC


Neuro Behavior Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/NBO


Pediatric Terminology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PEDTERM


Dictyostelium Discoideum Anatomy Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DDANAT


SysMO JERM Ontology of Systems Biology for Micro-Organisms
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/JERM


Plant Environmental Conditions
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PECO


Human Dermatological Disease Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/DERMO


PhenX Phenotypic Terms
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PHENX


Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine, International Version
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/SNMI


Electrocardiography Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/ECG


Plant Ontology
http://data.bioontology.org/ontologies/PO


